Add test data for custom/clustering, clustermetrics and clustervisualization (#2051)
nf-core/test-datasets: README.md

    - 1000GP.chr*.chunks.txt: chunks of the chromosome obtain with GLIMPSE_chunk
    - AFR.gwas: Study locus file. From [SuShiE](https://github.com/mancusolab/sushie).
    - AFR.ld: LD matrix file. From [SuShiE](https://github.com/mancusolab/sushie).

>   - popgen/clustering/: Test data for the new custom modules (`custom/clustering`, `custom/clustermetrics`, `custom/clustervisualization`) - `test.eigenvec`, `test_clusters.csv`, `test_features.tsv` + `README.md` (hand-rolled minimal examples)

Reviewer: Stale description — the files are no longer hand-rolled. Suggestion to match the updated subdir README:

```suggestion
  - popgen/clustering/: Test data for the new custom modules (`custom/clustering`, `custom/clustermetrics`, `custom/clustervisualization`) - `test.eigenvec`, `test_clusters.csv`, `test_features.tsv` + `README.md` (200-sample PCA derived from `popgen/plink_simulated` via `plink2 --pca`, plus KMeans cluster assignments)
```

    - 1000GP.chr*.chunks.txt: chunks of the chromosome obtain with GLIMPSE_chunk
    - AFR.gwas: Study locus file. From [SuShiE](https://github.com/mancusolab/sushie).
    - AFR.ld: LD matrix file. From [SuShiE](https://github.com/mancusolab/sushie).
    - popgen/clustering/: Test data for the new custom modules (`custom/clustering`, `custom/clustermetrics`, `custom/clustervisualization`) - `test.eigenvec`, `test_clusters.csv`, `test_features.tsv` + `README.md` (hand-rolled minimal examples)
  - svsig:

>     - NA03697B2_new.pbmm2.repeats.svsig.gz: structural variant file for NA03697B2_new.pbmm2.repeats.bam, created with PBSV discover version (2.9.0 default settings)

Reviewer: Looks like you hit a line you didn't mean to- please revert

      - toy:
        - toy.symm.upper.2.cool, toy.symm.upper.2.cp2.cool: test file for cooler_merge. Downloaded from [open2c/cooler](https://github.com/open2c/cooler/master/tests/data/toy.symm.upper.2.cool)
        - toy.symm.upper.balanced.2.cool: test file for the cooltools/insulation module. Balanced copy of toy.symm.upper.2.cool, generated with cooler balance.

>        

Reviewer: It was this line I meant with the extra space
